Update README with helmer changes (#122)
kubewarden/kubewarden-end-to-end-tests: README.md

```

> Also check the Kubewarden controller repository to see how run this test in a [Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also check the helm-charts repository to see how run this test in a [Github
```
